Zoom ask and mirroring (#29401)
demisto/content: Packs/Zoom/Integrations/Zoom/Zoom_description.md

## Zoom Integration
In order to use this integration, you need to enter your Zoom credentials in the relevant integration instance parameters.

> authentication methods available: **OAuth** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication method available: **OAuth** 
```

> **Note: JWT authentication method was deprecated by Zoom from June 2023 and not available anymore**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: JWT authentication method was deprecated by Zoom from June 2023 and not available anymore.**
```

For more information about creating an OAuth app click [here](https://marketplace.zoom.us/docs/guides/build/server-to-server-oauth-app/).

> ### For sending messages using ChatBot app and mirroring -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For sending messages using the ChatBot app and mirroring
```

> to enable the integration to communicate directly with zoom for mirroring or to sending messages by Zoom chatbot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the integration to communicate directly with Zoom for mirroring or to send messages by Zoom chatbot,
```

> its require a dedicated zoom Team Chat app to be created for the XSOAR integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you must create a dedicated Zoom Team Chat app for the Cortex XSOAR integration.
```

> make sure you have the following params-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have the following parameters:
```

> - Long running instance enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Long running instance enabled
```

- Listen Port
- Bot JID
- Bot Client ID
- Bot Secret ID 
- Secret Token
- Enable Incident Mirroring

>  For instructions on how to create and configure your custom Slack app, please review the documentation found [here](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/zoom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For instructions on how to create and configure your custom Zoom app, review the documentation found [here](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/integrations/zoom).
```
